Folks I like to sleep in. I love to get that extra wink.
But oh how much more important it is to get up and pray.
and it's interesting. It says in verse 40 of Matthew
26, they come with it to the disciples and find them asleep
and saith unto Peter.
What could you not watch with me one hour? Isn't it
interesting, He doesn't say it to all the disciples.
Peter could you not watch with me
one hour?  Why Peter? Well, Peter was the one to say thought everybody
forsake you, I won't forsake you.
And Peter was an hour away from denying the
Lord.
You know, maybe ...
maybe if Peter had been praying instead
of sleeping.
He would have had the faith to stand up to the maiden and to the
others and say yes. I know him. He's my Lord.
But instead he denied.